People are naturally attracted to you.
You learn from your mistakes... You will learn a lot today.
If you have something good in your life, don't let it go!
What ever you're goal is in life, embrace it visualize it, and for it will be yours.
Your shoes will make you happy today.
You cannot love life until you live the life you love.
Be on the lookout for coming events; They cast their shadows beforehand.
Land is always on the mind of a flying bird.
The man or woman you desire feels the same about you.
Meeting adversity well is the source of your strength.
A dream you have will come true.
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
Never give up. You're not a failure if you don't give up.
You will become great if you believe in yourself.
There is no greater pleasure than seeing your loved ones prosper.
You will marry your lover.
A very attractive person has a message for you.
You already know the answer to the questions lingering inside your head.
It is now, and in this world, that we must live.
You must try, or hate yourself for not trying.
You can make your own happiness.
The greatest risk is not taking one.
The love of your life is stepping into your planet this summer.
Love can last a lifetime, if you want it to.
Adversity is the parent of virtue.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
A short stranger will soon enter your life with blessings to share.
Now is the time to try something new.
Wealth awaits you very soon.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
Keep your eye out for someone special.
You are very talented in many ways.
A stranger, is a friend you have not spoken to yet.
A new voyage will fill your life with untold memories.
You will travel to many exotic places in your lifetime.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Its amazing how much good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit.
Everyone agrees. You are the best.
You are a lover of words; One day you will write a book.
In this life it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow.
Seek out the significance of your problem at this time. Try to understand.
Never upset the driver of the car you're in; they're the master of your destiny until you get home.
He who slithers among the ground is not always a foe.
You learn from your mistakes, you will learn a lot today.
You only need look to your own reflection for inspiration. Because you are Beautiful!
You are not judged by your efforts you put in; you are judged on your performance.
Rivers need springs.
Good news from afar may bring you a welcome visitor.
When all else seems to fail, smile for today and just love someone.
Patience is a virtue, unless its against a brick wall.
When you look down, all you see is dirt, so keep looking up.
If you are afraid to shake the dice, you will never throw a six.
Even if the person who appears most wrong, is also quite often right.
A single conversation with a wise man is better than ten years of study.
Happiness is often a rebound from hard work. (1 comment)
The world may be your oyster, but that doesn't mean you'll get it's pearl.
Your life will be filled with magical moments.
You're true love will show himself to you under the moonlight. (1 comment)
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go where there is no path...and leave a trail
Do not fear what you don't know
The object of your desire comes closer.
You have a flair for adding a fanciful dimension to any story.
If you wish to know the mind of a man, listen to his words
The most useless energy is trying to change what and who God so carefully created.
Do not be covered in sadness or be fooled in happiness they both must exist
You will have unexpected great good luck.
You will have a pleasant surprise
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Your ability for accomplishment will be followed by success.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
Every day is a new day. But tomorrow is never promised.
Express yourself: Don't hold back!
It is not necessary to show others you have change; the change will be obvious.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be rewarded.
You try hard, never to fail. You don't, never to win.
Never give up on someone that you don't go a day without thinking about.
It never pays to kick a skunk.
In case of fire, keep calm, pay bill and run.
Next full moon brings an enchanting evening.
Not all closed eye is sleeping nor open eye is seeing.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
You will soon witness a miracle.
The time is alway right to do what is right.
Love is as necessary to human beings as food and shelter.